com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityEditProfileBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityEditProfileBinding
com/example/myapplication/NewGroupData.java
 com.example.myapplication.NewGroupData
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ListLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ListLayoutBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentCalendarBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentCalendarBinding
com/example/myapplication/Edit_profile.java
 com.example.myapplication.Edit_profile
 com.example.myapplication.Edit_profile$1
 com.example.myapplication.Edit_profile$2
 com.example.myapplication.Edit_profile$3
 com.example.myapplication.Edit_profile$4
 com.example.myapplication.Edit_profile$4$1
 com.example.myapplication.Edit_profile$5
 com.example.myapplication.Edit_profile$6
com/example/myapplication/Home_after_authorization.java
 com.example.myapplication.Home_after_authorization
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityCreateNewEventBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityCreateNewEventBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/CardListLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.CardListLayoutBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityCreateNewGroupBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityCreateNewGroupBinding
com/example/myapplication/ItemClickListener.java
 com.example.myapplication.ItemClickListener
com/example/myapplication/Create_new_group.java
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$1
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$2
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$3
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$4
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$5
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$6
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$6$1
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$7
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$8
 com.example.myapplication.Create_new_group$9
com/example/myapplication/Search.java
 com.example.myapplication.Search
 com.example.myapplication.Search$1
 com.example.myapplication.Search$1$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityEventDetailedBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityEventDetailedBinding
com/example/myapplication/placeholder/PlaceholderContent.java
 com.example.myapplication.placeholder.PlaceholderContent
 com.example.myapplication.placeholder.PlaceholderContent$PlaceholderItem
com/example/myapplication/Detailed_group.java
 com.example.myapplication.Detailed_group
 com.example.myapplication.Detailed_group$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/myapplication/User.java
 com.example.myapplication.User
com/example/myapplication/databinding/DropdownItemBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.DropdownItemBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityDetailedGroupBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityDetailedGroupBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityResetPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityResetPasswordBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityRegisterPageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityRegisterPageBinding
com/example/myapplication/SearchActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.SearchActivity
com/example/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
com/example/myapplication/RegisterPage.java
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterPage
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterPage$1
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterPage$2
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterPage$3
com/example/myapplication/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$2
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityHomeAfterAuthorizationBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityHomeAfterAuthorizationBinding
com/example/myapplication/GroupsAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.GroupsAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.GroupsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/ResetPassword.java
 com.example.myapplication.ResetPassword
 com.example.myapplication.ResetPassword$1
 com.example.myapplication.ResetPassword$2
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myapplication/CalendarFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.CalendarFragment
com/example/myapplication/Entry_page.java
 com.example.myapplication.Entry_page
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityEntryPageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityEntryPageBinding
com/example/myapplication/NewEvent.java
 com.example.myapplication.NewEvent
com/example/myapplication/create_new_event.java
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$1
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$2
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$3
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$3$1
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$4
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$4$1
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$5
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$6
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$7
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_event$7$1
com/example/myapplication/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment$3
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment$4
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment$5
com/example/myapplication/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$2
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$3
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$4
com/example/myapplication/EventAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.EventAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.EventAdapter$1
 com.example.myapplication.EventViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/Event_detailed.java
 com.example.myapplication.Event_detailed
 com.example.myapplication.Event_detailed$1
 com.example.myapplication.Event_detailed$2
 com.example.myapplication.Event_detailed$3
 com.example.myapplication.Event_detailed$3$1
 com.example.myapplication.Event_detailed$3$2
 com.example.myapplication.Event_detailed$4
 com.example.myapplication.Event_detailed$Select
